1 What character, who never appeared on screen but was continually referenced in the original "Twin Peaks" series, appears as a living, breathing character portrayed by Laura Dern in "The Return"?|Diane|In the original series, Diane existed only through Agent Cooper's communication with her via cassette recorder. Cooper's secretary, she functioned largely as a means for Cooper to communicate (by proxy) his thoughts with the audience. In "The Return", Diane was revealed to be a real person, portrayed by frequent-Lynch-collaborator Laura Dern ("Inland Empire", "Wild at Heart", "Blue Velvet"). Incredibly foul-mouthed and jaded, she reluctantly agreed to assist the FBI in their investigation of Cooper's return and the Blue Rose cases first introduced in the movie "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me", becoming vital to the show's progression. Later in the series, she reveals that the Evil Cooper doppelganger created by the Black Lodge raped her, which explains her hesitation and harsh persona.
2 At this place Ben and Jerry did connive To keep deals with some Icelanders alive Sitting on his floor Ben relived Civil War While Cooper rested up in three-one-five|Great Northern Hotel|The Great Northern Hotel is owned by Ben Horne, the father of Audrey Horne and one of the richest people in Twin Peaks. His brother Jerry frequently visits him in his enormous office within the hotel, where they discuss their various business dealings. At the beginning of the first series, they are trying to convince some Norwegians to invest in Twin Peaks, a deal that is ruined when Audrey tells them about the murder of Laura Palmer. Later in the series they are seeking investment from some rowdy Icelanders who keep Agent Cooper awake at night.
3 Laura Palmer and Bobby Briggs were the town's fairytale high-school couple. Unfortunately, Laura cheated on Bobby with a variety of men. But that's okay, because he cheated on her, too, with a married woman. What was the name of the man that Bobby cuckolded? Hint - there's a "J" in his name.|Leo Johnson|Yes, Leo Johnson, husband of Shelley. That Bobby Briggs has got cojones. Of all the people. Of all the people he could have an affair with, he fools around with the wife of Leo "Creepy Psychopath" Johnson. How it all ends up: Leo unsuccessfully tries to kill them both - Bobby with an axe and Shelley by tying her up and leaving her in a burning building.
4 FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper enters the town of Twin Peaks in the pilot episode. What is the first word spoken on screen by Kyle MacLachlan as Special Agent Dale Cooper?|Diane|Dale Cooper speaks into a tape recorder, beginning every dictation with the name 'Diane'. It is unclear whether 'Diane' is the name of the tape recorder or an unseen person.
5 Who was the first character to appear onscreen on "Twin Peaks"?|Josie Packard|David Lynch originally created the character for Isabella Rossellini, in which case she would have been Italian!
6 What is the name of Agent Dale Cooper's ex FBI partner?|Windom Earle|Windom Earle was played by actor Kenneth Welsh. Earle was put in a mental institution after the "Pittsburgh incident" and later on in the series comes after Cooper.
7 Who owns One Eyed Jack's, the casino in Canada?|Ben Horne|Ben's brother, Jerry Horne returns from his vacation with a special treat for Ben; brie and butter sandwiches. Ben brings his brother up to speed about the Norwegians leaving and Laura Palmer's death. Jerry, upon hearing this news, finds himself too depressed to enjoy his food.
8 What type of animal is shown sitting in a tree in the opening credits of 'Twin Peaks'?|Bird|Other shots during the credits are scenes from the mill, the Twin Peaks waterfall and landscape. The haunting 'Twin Peaks' music was composed by Angelo Badalamenti.
9 Who finds Laura Palmer's body?|Pete Martell|Pete Martell was played by Jack Nance, who passed away in December of 1996 from a head injury sustained in a fight at a donut shop.
10 What are the names of the Horne family? (Alphabetically)|Audrey, Ben, Johnny, Sylvia|In this episode we see the Hornes sitting down for a family dinner which is rudely interrupted by the arrival of Ben's brother Jerry. We do not then see Sylvia Horne again until the end of the series.
11 In his description of the Great Northern Hotel, which specific feature of his room does Cooper consider to be a "nice consideration for the business traveller"?|Non-smoking room|Cooper is describing his accommodation to Diane, the often mentioned but never seen recipient of his dictaphone tapes: "Slept pretty well. Non-smoking room. There's no tobacco smell. That's a nice consideration for the business traveller. A hint of douglas fir needles in the air. As Sheriff Truman indicated they would, everything this hotel promised, they've delivered: clean, reasonably priced accommodations ... telephone works ... bathroom in really tip-top shape ... no drips, plenty of hot water and good, steady pressure ... could be a side benefit of the waterfall outside my window ... mattress firm, but not too firm."
12 Who discovers Laura Palmer's body?|Pete Martell|Pete finds a woman's body wrapped in plastic, washed up on the shore of the lake near his home Blue Pine Lodge. The body is not identified as Laura until Doc Hayward and the Sheriff arrive on scene.
13 Which female singer is featured in "Twin Peaks"?|Julee Cruise|Her album "Floating into the Night" features the songs she performed on Twin Peaks as well as others. The lyrics for that album were written by David Lynch. The music was written by Angelo Badalamenti. They also both produced it.
14 What is the name of Cooper's supervisor?|Gordon Cole|Played by the genius director David Lynch.
15 Who placed a note under Cooper's door at The Great Northern that said "Jack with One Eye"?|Audrey Horne|Cooper finds out that Audrey wrote the note by her loopy handwriting (which apparently indicates that she's longing for love). "Jack with One Eye" refers to Benjamin's casino.
16 Finish the quote: "Through the darkness, future past. The magician longs to see. One chants out between two worlds. ____ ____ ____ __."|Fire walk with me|These words were spoken to Cooper in his dream and appeared on a slip of paper at the scene of Laura's murder. This is also the name of the movie prequel.
17 Ronette Pulaski worked in what department of Horne's Department Store?|The Perfume Department|Ronette worked in the perfume department alongside Laura Palmer. Audrey soon gets a job there to investigate.
18 Who was played by Peggy Lipton?|Norma Jennings|Peggy played the owner of 'The RR Diner', Norma, who cooked that 'damn fine cherry pie!'.
19 Who was the mind behind the cult series?|David Lynch|It was, of course, the weirdo David Lynch.
20 When Dale Cooper finally returns from the Black Lodge, it takes him a while to return to his normal self. In the meantime, what is the name of the doppelganger he embodies?|Dougie Jones|In the cliff-hanger of season two of the original series, Agent Cooper becomes trapped in the Black Lodge. An evil doppelganger invented by BOB replaced his presence on Earth. In the Black Lodge, Laura Palmer (or some kind of spiritual force taking her form) told Cooper, "I'll see you again in 25 years."Dale Cooper did indeed return to Earth about 25 years later. Meanwhile, as "The Return" details, his evil doppelganger has been wrecking chaos upon the planet, including some of the loved ones of Cooper. Cooper doesn't return from the Black Lodge until "Part 3", replacing the life of a second doppelganger Dougie Jones. Still dazed from his experience in the Black Lodge, "Dougie" barely functions as a human, confusing all around him. After episodes of teasing, it's not until after Dougie is sent into a coma that the real Cooper "awakens" in "Part 16", memorably proclaiming "I am the FBI." He then picks up where he left, catching up with all that has taken place and making his way to the town of Twin Peaks to finish what he started- ending the evil influence of the Black Lodge on the Earth.
21 For Catherine Martell it's no good This enormous factory of wood She began to conspire Sent it up in a fire And stripped Josie of her livelihood|Packard Sawmill|At the beginning of the series, the sawmill is owned by the mysterious Jocelyn 'Josie' Packard, widow of the supposedly deceased Andrew Packard. However, it is run day-to-day by Andrew's sister, Catherine Martell, who does not like Josie at all. She conspires with the rich property owner Ben Horne (with whom she is having an affair) to stage a fire at the sawmill and then develop the area. However, not everything goes to plan and Catherine ends up in the blaze herself.
22 The genius of David Lynch. In Benjamin Horne he created a character who could best be described as a dandy - but who was effortlessly menacing when his role as local business magnate/criminal bigwig demanded it. For years, Ben carried on an affair with another ruthless Machiavellian. Her surname was Martell, her Christian name was what?|Catherine|The devious Benjamin and the devious Catherine made devious love and plotted violent lucrative schemes. But perhaps because he tired of her, or perhaps because, as he grew older, cynicism won out over romance, Ben conceived a plan to: burn Catherine's family mill; burn Catherine herself; frame her for the arson; buy her family landholdings for a song. How it all ends up: Catherine escapes the fire and comes back (disguised as a Japanese businessman) looking for vengeance.
23 Which letter is NOT discovered during the pilot or the television series?|T|The letter 'T' is discovered by FBI Agent Sam Stanley (Keifer Sutherland) under the fingernail of Teresa Banks (Pamela Gidley) in the feature film "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me" (1992). The remaining letters are discovered by FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper during the television series: 'R' / Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee), 'B' / Ronette Pulanski (Phoebe Augustine), 'O' / Madeline Ferguson (Sheryl Lee).
24 Who does not appear in Agent Cooper's dream?|The Giant|The infamous dream in question occurs at the end of the second episode. This is one of the small handful of episodes directed by David Lynch. The Giant does not appear to Cooper until the first episode of the second season, after Cooper is shot.
25 What was the name of Laura Palmer's horse that Sarah Palmer saw in a vision right before Maddy's death?|Troy|Troy was given to Laura on her 13th birthday by her father. It is later revealed in her diary that Benjamin Horne in fact bought the horse for her.
26 What caused Laura's death?|Loss of blood|While Laura's body had many wounds, it was all of them that killed her; no singular wound was the death blow.
27 What was Laura wrapped in when her body was discovered?|plastic|This was one of the enduring images from the series. Pete Martell discovers the body when he goes out fishing. He phones the police station and says: "She's dead. Wrapped in plastic."
28 When Sarah Palmer realizes that Laura is not home, who does she call first?|Betty Briggs|Sarah, realizing that Laura is not at home, begins to immediately worry. Perhaps she had an idea that something was wrong, but still hoped that everything was okay.
29 Who is the original author of the poem Ben Horne recites to the madam at One Eyed Jacks?|Shakespeare|Ben attempts to charm Blackie by reciting: "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day, thou art more lovely and more temperate".
30 What is Cooper's hotel room number?|315|Again, this fact is mentioned in Cooper's recorded message to Diane. Cooper remains in the same room at the Great Northern throughout his stay in Twin Peaks.
31 A group of potential investors are staying at the Great Northern Hotel, what country are the from?|Norway|This group of Norwegians were considering investing in Ben Horne's Ghostwood project, but have returned home by the end of the pilot episode. Their sudden departure occurs after Audrey Horne wanders into their meeting room and "accidentally" mentions that there has been a murder in town.
32 What is Deputy Hawk's full name?|Tommy "The Hawk" Hill|I think they mention his full name once. I used the "Twin Peaks Gazette's" web site as a reference to spelling and names.
33 What brand of twine was used on Laura's wrists?|Finley's Fine Twine|There were traces of two different types of twine on Laura's corpse. One was Finley's Fine Twine, which Cooper sends Deputy Andy to get a sample of while visiting Bob Lydecker.
34 Who is Albert referring to when he says "I want no interference from this hulking boob, is that clear?"|Harry Truman|Albert had it in for Harry the minute he rode into Twin Peaks. Here they're arguing because Albert wants to delay Laura's funeral for testing.
35 Where was Jerry Horne before returning to Twin Peaks?|Paris|He brings his brother, Benjamin, back a sandwich that brings back old memories.
36 Finish this quote from Nadine Hurley about her drape runners. "Do you know what makes it work? The thing I thought of at 4 in the morning when I was waiting for my husband to be released from intensive care? ______ _____!"|Cotton Balls|In reference to her silent drape runners. "By god, those things will be quiet now!"
37 Who was played by Michael Ontkean?|Harry Truman|Michael Ontkean played the Twin Peaks sherrif, Harry Truman...
38 Who actually killed Laura Palmer?|BOB|Although he could have been possessed by certain evil spirits, it was Laura's own dad who killed her.
39 Which character from the original "Twin Peaks" series is now seen broadcasting conspiracy theories to an unknown audience?|Dr. Jacoby|In the original series, the eccentric Dr Lawrence Jacoby was notable for his unconventional methods of treating his patients, including Benjamin Horne and Laura Palmer herself. In "The Return", Dr Jacoby is seen broadcasting conspiracy theories about corporations and the government, selling spray-painted golden shovels to his audience as an apparent means of escaping their influence. We do know at least one viewer: fellow eccentric Nadine Hurley, who is driven by her admiration of Dr Jacoby to visit him, and it is implied the two begin a relationship. Earlier in the series, Nadine visits her ex-lover Ed and apologises for her jealousy, giving her blessing to his relationship with Norma. As for the other characters, Bobby Briggs has taken up a position at the Twin Peaks Sheriff's department. Margaret Lanterman, aka "The Log Lady", is dying, but still has time to give sagely advice to Sheriff Hawk. Tragically, the Log Lady's experiences in the series mirrored that of actress Catherine E Coulson, who passed away shortly after filming and filmed her scenes while dying from cancer. Sheriff Harry S Truman was not present due to illness, logistically explained as Michael Ontkean did not wish to return from retirement to portray the character.
40 Cooper's visions while here are bizarre Jacques Renault pulling pints at the bar Annie was the best In the beauty contest And the Log Lady gave up her car|The Roadhouse|The Roadhouse is one of the main places to go for a drink and listen to music in Twin Peaks. It is owned by the Renault brothers, with Jacques and Bernard having worked there during the original series. It is the location for the annual Miss Twin Peaks contest, won in season 2 by Annie Blackburn, the sister of former winner Norma Jennings. At the culmination of the contest, Windom Earle kidnapped Annie, stealing the Log Lady's car to drive away.
